My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
Teacher, you're frowning.
Does it still hurt?
I'm O.K.
Take care of yourself
because you're mine.
Oh, no!
What happened, Teshigawara-sensei?
Those bandages!
It's not a big deal. I fell
on the stairs at a train station.
Are you really all right?
It looks like it really hurts.
No, don't worry.
The only inconvenience is
that I can't cook for myself.
-Then shall I cook for you?
-Could you?
It's a token of appreciation
for the computer.
What would you like?
But I can't cook anything elaborate.
No problem. As long as I can
eat your homemade cooking.
Then I'll come over tonight.
Wonderful. Azusa is coming
to my place to cook dinner for me!
My world is becoming perfect finally!
She will probably bring her apron.
The blue one!
Blue looks great on her!
I will welcome her with the best wine.
'80 Chambertin would be perfect.
She will wear her blue apron
and carry dishes to the table.
I will pretend that
I'm helping her and....
Cheers!
You're beautiful, Azusa!
That's right. My sweet illusion
will soon become reality.
The world that belongs
to me and Azusa.
Then the only thing left to do is
to get rid of that idiot Onizuka!
I will eliminate him from our school!
Hello, this is Teshigawara. Yes.
I see. I'll be waiting.
Here they come.
I would like to see
the Vice Principal.
I'm Ota, president of the Society
of the Study...
...of Victimization in Education.
We'd like to observe a class.
Observe?
You mean, Onizuka-sensei's class?
Yes. I heard rumors that...
...there's an outrageous,
juvenile-delinquent teacher here.
I heard he has never done
any serious teaching.
There shouldn't be any teachers
like that in our school.
We actually received complaints
at our organization!
As representatives of parents, we need
to investigate what is taking place.
This is the classroom, isn't it?
Elephant, elephant
Let's take a shower
Huh? Is that old lady
someone's mother?
Onizuka-kun! What have you done?
I'm so sorry! There are
complicated reasons for this.
Onizuka-kun, you apologize too!
Ota-san?
There's a problem!
What's wrong, Mr. Sanomaru?
What happened? Calm down.
A pressure group, called
Society something, came...
...and Onizuka-sensei made the president
so mad that she fainted!
Interview Room
This is a big problem!
We will pursue this case
and impeach him. Be prepared!
-Are you all right, president?
-He's absolutely outrageous!
What an idiot to have
an elephant outfit!
Elephant?
Do you intend to shut down our school?
She belongs to
a famous pressure group.
She's the president! Her husband is
a Tokyo municipal assemblyman.
You were in an indecent outfit in
front of her! Oh, my blood pressure.
-Are you O.K.?
-I don't need your sympathy!
I have absolutely no idea why
the Principal is keeping such an idiot!
Wait a minute! I'm sure Onizuka-sensei
has his own ideas about education.
Maybe you could listen
to his side of--
Fuyutsuki-sensei, keep quiet! This idiot
thinks light of a teacher's position.
A school is not a place to play!
It's a place to teach!
-What's wrong with playing?
-What?
When I was in junior high,
I played around 24 hours a day.
I don't want to hear about you!
A student's future is determined by
his junior high and high school years.
Whether you can enter
a good university, a good company...
...and a good career depends
only on these 6 years!
What you're saying sounds
old-fashioned.
Nowadays, huge corporations
are filing for bankruptcy.
I think the six years during
junior high and high school...
...are more important
than decades in your old age.
What?
Instead of entering
a good university...
...finding good friends seems
to be much more worthwhile to me.
Don't talk like a smart ass,
you idiot!
After doing so much damage,
you're telling me what you think?
You're still on a trial basis--
Watch out!
Are you all right?
My nose, my nose!
Onizuka-sensei, look what you've done
to him! You're just unbelievable!
Get a first aid kit!
Oh, come on, it was an accident.
I was just standing up.
You liar! I know you're good
at performing an act of violence...
...as if it accidentally happened.
Do you want to go to the police?
Look at my nose.
This will be an assault case.
I told you, I didn't do anything.
It's all your fault!
What's with the elephant trumpet?
This is the end of your career!
You're the local administrator.
If I'm forced to leave, I will starve!
Please have pity and pardon me.
You're still making jokes!
I won't forgive you!
I'll sue you. I'll sue you.
I'll sue you!
-I told you I didn't do anything!
-Shut up! You certainly did!
You still say so?
I didn't. I didn't. I didn't!
If you keep nagging me, I'll crack open
your head and stir up your brain.
Baldy! Do you understand?
You'll be fine. You didn't really use
excessive force. You're innocent!
But the Vice Principal's eyes
were rolled back.
He must have been shocked
because your voice was so loud.
It's O.K.
You don't have to console me.
I should have known.
Maybe I'm not suited to be a teacher.
-Where are you going?
-I'm gonna go buy a job magazine.
Onizuka-sensei.
A guy who wears an elephant costume
can't be a qualified teacher.
You'll see. Getting fired is
not enough for Onizuka...
...because he insulted
not only me, but you.
What are you going to do?
Make sure he's socially eliminated
so he can never become a teacher.
That's just what
one would expect of you.
I will make arrangements
to assist you.
I'm home.
Welcome home, Hidemi-chan.
Teshigawara-sensei is here.
-What's wrong? You're smiling.
-Oh, nothing.
When you were talking with my mom,
you looked cheerful too.
Did anything good happen?
There's nothing.
Remember our promise? We don't
hide anything from each other.
-Wait, Hidemi-chan.
-Yes, hello.
Hello? Isn't this
Teshigawara-sensei's phone number?
I'm the one
Teshigawara-sensei is tutoring.
He can't come to the phone right now.
Really? Then could you
give him a message?
I'm Fuyutsuki. I was supposed
to go to his place tonight...
...but I don't think I can make it--
Hello, I'm Onizuka. Onizuka!
-Hey, Onizuka-sensei. Be quiet!
-I'm Onizuka. Please vote for me!
Shoot! Anyway, if you could
give him the message....
Come on! Stop it!
Fuyutsuki can't make it tonight.
Oh, no!
No wonder you've been in a good mood.
You were going to have a woman cook
for you without telling me.
I wonder what Fuyutsuki-sensei is like?
That's....
It's a punishment. Lick it, as usual.
You don't want to?
I know that you just want to take
advantage of my high-class parents.
Otherwise, you wouldn't do
what I tell you to.
I don't care.
I will still play the role
of a queen for your sake.
I'm so sorry, Fuyutsuki-chan. This
happens when he has too much to drink.
He can't drink much, but he
forced himself. Isn't he dumb?
What did you say, Ryuji?
Who's dumb?
You. It's not normal...
...to use an elephant to do
a cosplay and squirt water.
A swan by Shimura is better!
You butthead! You're saying whatever
you like to someone who is down!
I'll repeat myself
as many times as you want.
You're not suited to be a teacher.
You were destined to be fired.
You bastard.
Don't you be mouthing off.
My amazing fists will explode!
You bastard! You, you, you....
Onizuka-sensei!
Honestly, I still can't believe
this guy is a teacher.
I can't believe it.
But I am a little envious
of the students in his class.
We were bored at school.
We were looked down on.
Teachers were cold
toward stupid students.
That's not true.
I wondered if those teachers
were so wonderful...
...that they had the right
to look down on us.
Eikichi's not smart, but I can
honestly say he is amazing.
I get this feeling that
he'll accomplish something.
I understand what you mean! I look
forward to going to school every day!
That's what I envy.
If a guy like him is your teacher,
school can't be boring.
Private Onizuka will manage
to bring back dinner!
Wait! Hey!
I caught one, sergeant!
Just shut up and get out of there!
The carp is escaping!
Fun at school, he said.
I really want Onizuka-sensei
to remain a teacher...
...forever.
Repentance
You really think it will be O.K.?
Looking like this?
What counts most is your heart.
If you apologize sincerely,
I'm sure he'll forgive you.
-Fuyutsuki-sensei!
-Teshigawara-sensei!
I'm sorry I canceled
our plans last night.
No problem. By the way....
Interview Room
On hold?
Right. A little earlier
President Ota came by...
...and we decided to put your layoff
on hold as a special case.
-I'm happy for you! You're not fired!
-Are you serious? Lucky!
-However, there is one condition.
-Condition?
He needs to take a test.
The Tobunsha Nationwide Standardized
Academic Test, known as Togaku.
What is it?
Don't you know? It's a trial exam
junior high students take.
That's right. We want him
to take the test with the students.
Then you need the highest
national score to be able to stay.
Highest nationally?
Impossible. It's a high school
entrance exam...
...but his non-major subjects
will be hard.
You're in a position where you can't
complain even if you were fired.
But thanks to the generosity
of Ota-san...
...from the Society of the Study
of Victimization in Education...
...you were given a chance.
If you don't want to take the test
and make a fool of yourself...
...go ahead and resign.
But if you insist that
you're not a flaky teacher...
...score highest nationally
and prove your ability, Onizuka-sensei.
Very well.
I will meet the challenge.
Onizuka-sensei!
It's just a test for students.
I'll score the highest and prove that
I'm not a teacher just for show.
It wouldn't be good if a teacher
is stupider than his students.
Are you really motivated?
You've only scored
49 points out of 500.
The previous top student
scored 492 points!
You might as well strive
for the lowest score.
I can't believe it!
I thought I did so well.
He's helpless.
Holy Forest Academy
I can't do it.
I haven't really studied
for the last 22 years.
-How do you do, Onizuka-sensei?
-Who are you?
I'm Hidemi Ota.
Remember the president that you
showered in the face? I'm her daughter.
That wench?
I mean, sophisticated lady!
I've heard about what happened.
Things seem to be getting tougher.
Talking about getting laid off and
this test have been stressing me out.
If you like, I might ask my mother....
So, what are you going
to ask your mother?
I could ask her to forget about
everything that happened today.
Could you really?
I'm sure it'll work.
My mom is so lenient with me.
Also, my dad, an assemblyman,
will do anything I ask him to.
What a relief! Everything started
with a misunderstanding.
So if you could explain
to your mother....
But I have one condition.
Of course!
I want you to lick my foot.
If you become my pet,
I'll make sure you don't get fired.
Go under the table
and lick it really clean.
Men are all stupid.
If I show off my parents' social
status, they wag their tails.
This guy is the same too.
He'll do whatever I ask.
It stinks! Hey, what are you doing?
Do you wanna get fired?
My dad is an assemblyman!
So what?
I can't believe it!
I had no idea what she had in mind.
"Lick my foot"? Give me a break!
That blue-butt brat.
Here is the punishment.
What are you doing? Stop it!
I don't care
if your daddy is an assemblyman.
What I hate most is a brat like you
who mouths off to grownups.
Never mouth off to grownups.
Don't be stupid, you dumb teacher.
If I don't do a favor for you,
you'll get fired!
That's what I want, you wench.
There is no way that Onizuka
will score highest nationally.
He might score lowest.
If his shameful failure
is exposed to the media...
...he'll never be able
to find a teaching job.
All is as planned.
You klutz! Lick more thoroughly!
I have to tell you that all the time!
Why are you looking at me like that?
You're nothing but a pet!
Do you wanna hear something funny?
I went to your school today.
-What?
-I met Onizuka too.
What did you do?
What did you tell him?
Shut up! Who does he think he is,
that bastard? He spanked me.
Not even my dad and mom
have ever spanked me!
What?
I'll never forgive him,
that monkey teacher!
I will make him my pet
and force him to lick my feet.
Just like you, Teshigawara.
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
Next Episode
It's no use. You'll be fired anyway.
I'll kill you if it's not true!
It's not living together!
You guys are stupid. Did you think
you could get away with it?
Don't interfere in my business!